notmuch: add page (#4745)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/notmuch.md

# notmuch

> A command-line based program for indexing, searching, reading, and tagging large collections of email messages.
> More Information: <https://notmuchmail.org/manpages/>.

- Configure for first use:

`notmuch setup`

> - Add tags for all messages matching the search term:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a tag for all messages matching a search term:
```

> `notmuch tag +{{custom-tag}} {{"search-term"}}`

Reviewer: We use snake_case for variable names and quotes outside:
```suggestion
`notmuch tag +{{custom_tag}} "{{search_term}}"`
```

> - Remove tags for all messages matching the search term:

Reviewer: is 1 tag?
```suggestion
- Remove a tag for all messages matching a search term:
```

> `notmuch tag -{{custom-tag}} {{"search-term"}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`notmuch tag -{{custom_tag}} "{{search_term}}"`
```

- Count messages matching the given search term:

> `notmuch count --output={{messages|threads}} {{"search-term"}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`notmuch count --output={{messages|threads}} "{{search_term}}"`
```

- Search for messages matching the given search term:

> `notmuch search --format={{json|text}} --output={{summary|threads|messages|files|tags}} {{"search-term"}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`notmuch search --format={{json|text}} --output={{summary|threads|messages|files|tags}} "{{search_term}}"`
```

- Limit the number of saerch results to X:

> `notmuch search --format={{json|text}} --output={summary|threads|messages|files|tags} --limit={{X}} {{"search-term"}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`notmuch search --format={{json|text}} --output={{summary|threads|messages|files|tags}} --limit={{X}} "{{search_term}}"`
```

- Create a reply template for a set of messages:

> `notmuch reply --format={{default|headers-only}} --reply-to={{sender|all}} {{"search-term"}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`notmuch reply --format={{default|headers-only}} --reply-to={{sender|all}} "{{search_term}}"`
```
